I want to show you how to grill a red
pepper it's terribly simple to do so I
start off by just cutting the peppers in
half slice them like that and then what
you want to do is just take out the
membranes and the seed so I'm just going
to trim around like that pop that off
then I want to cut that into quarter and
do the same for the other half just like
this and just give it a tap to get rid
of all those seeds now I've got a baking
sheet here I'm going to do is put a
little bit of oil cut that in half onto
each pepper and that's just to help with
grilling it rub that over and now them
under a grill about 10 to 15 minutes
which is what I've done with these as
you can see I'll just grab them out what
happens then is the skin caramelizes and
goes all blackened and what that does it
makes it very easy to get the skin off
at the end of cooking but finally what
you finally have to do is get a freezer
bag and I'm just going to pop the
peppers into the freezer bag and then
you want to seal up the bag you don't
have a freeze bag you can pop them in a
bowl and just put some cling film on top
seal it up and then what that does all
the moisture will come out and that'll
make it really easy to take the skin off
so I've got some here which I did about
10 minutes ago you just want to let them
cool down really till you can cut touch
them with your hands get them out like
this and then you want to peel off the
skin now they should slide off pretty
easily there we go
just take it off with your hands it's a
slightly messy job but to be honest if
you want to you can always do it under
attack you'll lose a bit of flavor but
if you don't like messy jobs that's
quite fine to do as well so there we go
if you don't want to go under the grill
if you want to be a bit more adventurous
trendy cook some people actually do it
over a gas flame as well what you're
really making sure you want to do is
just blacken it
so there we go it's also a technique you
can use on Chili's and over jeans as
well so there we go pop that down you
might want to drizzle over some olive
oil put some herbs on them or you can
chop it up and put it through your
favorite pasta dish and it really can be
as simple as that roasted peppers